What is a custom domain name?
Ans: A custom domain is a unique branded name that identifies a website. For example, NationBuilder's custom domain is nationbuilder.com.
Custom domains, also known as vanity URLs, appear in the address bar at the top of every browser.
DNS is what allows us to have custom, branded domains attached to websites.

What does TLS 1.1 and 1.2 mean?
Ans: TLS stands for Transport Layer Security, which is a cryptographic protocol used to increase security over computer networks.
TLS 1.1 - Released in 2006 and published as RFC 4346. ... TLS 1.2 - Released in 2008 and published as RFC 5246. TLS 1.3 -
As of January 2016 this version of TLS is in working draft.

What is an RFC?
Ans: In the computer network engineering and design realm, a Request for Comments (RFC) is a memorandum published by the Internet Engineering 
Task Force (IETF) describing methods,
behaviors, research, or innovations applicable to the working of the Internet, 
along with Internet-connected systems

Here’s the full history of SSL and TLS releases:

SSL 1.0 – never publicly released due to security issues.
SSL 2.0 – released in 1995. Deprecated in 2011. Has known security issues.
SSL 3.0 – released in 1996. Deprecated in 2015. Has known security issues.
TLS 1.0 – released in 1999 as an upgrade to SSL 3.0. Planned deprecation in 2020.
TLS 1.1 – released in 2006. Planned deprecation in 2020.
TLS 1.2 – released in 2008.
TLS 1.3 – released in 2018

TLS, short for Transport Layer Security, and SSL, short for Secure Socket Layers, are both cryptographic protocols that encrypt data and
authenticate a connection when moving data on the Internet

TLS, the more modern version of SSL, is secure. What’s more, recent versions of TLS also offer performance benefits and other improvements.


What is AWS config?
Ans: AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit, and evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources. 
Config continuously monitors and records your AWS resource configurations and allows you to automate the evaluation of recorded configurations against desired configurations.

The EndpointConfiguration :
property type specifies the endpoint types of an Amazon API Gateway domain name.

Register a domain name:
You must have a registered internet domain name in order to set up custom domain names for your APIs. If needed,
you can register an internet domain using Amazon Route 53 or using a third-party domain registrar of your choice. 
An API's custom domain name can be the name of a subdomain or the root domain (also known as "zone apex") of a registered internet domain

After a custom domain name is created in API Gateway, you must create or update your DNS provider's resource record to map to your API endpoint.
Without such a mapping, API requests bound for the custom domain name cannot reach API Gateway.

An edge-optimized custom domain name is created in a specific Region and owned by a specific AWS account. 
Moving such a custom domain name between Regions or AWS accounts involves deleting the existing CloudFront distribution and creating a new one. 
The process may take approximately 30 minutes before the new custom domain name becomes available.
For more information, see Updating CloudFront Distributions

Edge-optimized custom domain names
When you deploy an edge-optimized API, API Gateway sets up an Amazon CloudFront distribution and
a DNS record to map the API domain name to the CloudFront distribution domain name.
Requests for the API are then routed to API Gateway through the mapped CloudFront distribution.

When you create a custom domain name for an edge-optimized API, API Gateway sets up a CloudFront distribution.
But you must set up a DNS record to map the custom domain name to the CloudFront distribution domain name. 
This mapping is for API requests that are bound for the custom domain name to be routed to API Gateway through the mapped CloudFront distribution.

The CloudFront distribution created by API Gateway is owned by a Region-specific account affiliated with API Gateway.
When tracing operations to create and update such a CloudFront distribution in CloudWatch Logs, 
you must use this API Gateway account ID. For more information, see Log custom domain name creation in CloudTrail.

To set up an edge-optimized custom domain name or to update its certificate, 
you must have a permission to update CloudFront distributions. 
You can do so by attaching the following IAM policy statement to an IAM user, group, or role in your account:
You must also provide a certificate for the custom domain name.

To provide a certificate for an edge-optimized custom domain name, you can request AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to generate a new certificate in ACM or
to import into ACM one issued by a third-party certificate authority in the us-east-1 Region (US East (N. Virginia)).

Certificates for custom domain names

To provide a certificate for a custom domain name in a Region where ACM is supported, you must request a certificate from ACM.
To provide a certificate for a Regional custom domain name in a Region where ACM is not supported, you must import a certificate to API Gateway in that Region.

To import an SSL/TLS certificate, you must provide the PEM-formatted SSL/TLS certificate body, its private key, and 
the certificate chain for the custom domain name. Each certificate stored in ACM is identified by its ARN.
To use an AWS managed certificate for a domain name, you simply reference its ARN.

ACM makes it straightforward to set up and use a custom domain name for an API. 
You create a certificate for the given domain name (or import a certificate), set up the domain name in API Gateway with the ARN of the certificate provided by ACM, 
and map a base path under the custom domain name to a deployed stage of the API. With certificates issued by ACM,
you do not have to worry about exposing any sensitive certificate details, such as the private key.

What is ACM in AWS
ANs: You can now configure custom domains for your APIs on Amazon API Gateway using SSL/TLS certificates provisioned and managed by AWS Certificate Manager (ACM).
You pay only for the AWS resources you create to run your application

The method that you use to route domain traffic to an API Gateway API is the same regardless of whether 
you created a regional API Gateway endpoint or an edge-optimized API Gateway endpoint

Regional API endpoint: You create a Route 53 alias record that routes traffic to the regional API endpoint.

Configuring Route 53 to route traffic to an API Gateway endpoint
